06/03/2023:- Day 1 -> Just see overview using diagram of project. What are the files and architecture we needed in 
			 our project.How our website look like and what operation admin can perform in website. How we can store 
			 and retrieve the data from database.

07/03:- Day 2 -> See All steps required for project to develop. 
				 First create one dynamic project then add jar files of sql and jstl. Create database and create new 
				 database and table in it. Create Bean Class and create private variables constructor and getter 
				 & setters in it. 
				 Create 3 different packages. One package have servlet class, One package have jdbc class,One package
				 have Bean class.
				 Create 2 jsp file one for customer list and another for customer form.
				 To handling all the incoming request from browser we create servlet.
				 
09/03:- Day 3 -> Add nav bar in the both jsp pages and redirection hyperlink to home page also added in that pages. 
				 
10/03:- Day 4 -> Create one div element in customer list jsp page and add one button in it. Write the code to display 
				 the table data present in database.
				 write code in Dao class i.e. for writing jdbc code. To fetch all customer data present in database 
				 write a getAllCustomers method and in that write query of select statement and loop to get all data
				 and store in a Object type of Customer and add that object in a collection of arrayList and return 
				 that through a variable.Close all the opened connections in finally block. 
				 Write code in servlet in doGet() method. Write default servlet code using switch case.
				 After that create one startUp method for default servlet calling user define home jsp page.

13/03:- Day 5 -> Writing the code in customer-list.jsp page for getting data from database to jsp page. We import 
				 some class & packages. Fetch the data from Controller and display the data with the help of variables.
				 Create edit and delete link for all rows. First write code using scriplet tag and html to display data 
				 in page. After that secondly write code using jstl and bootstrap 5. For jstl write one uri and for 
				 bootstrap pasted one link of bootstrap. Finally we displayed the all rows present in table data.

14/03:- Day 6 -> Start writing from dao class and create one method named addCustomer for inserting new row or data 
				 inside database enter by user.
				 In servlet write one case label in switch case and create one method named as addCustomer for adding
				 all data enter by user in jsp page and fetch that data and store in a object. Call the method present
				 inside dao and pass the object.
				 Write one more case in switch and one method for redirecting user to customer-form.jsp page.

15/03:- Day 7 -> Create one container in Div tag and write code for Form page as name,email,mobile and save button.One 
				 more div for id as hidden key. Give the action in form tag as add and method post to add customer.

16/03:- Day 8 -> Check the edit form, is it working or not and Overview of next process. Add href to edit button using
				 Query string assign the id. Create one case label as edit and getEditForm to perform the specific  
				 functionality. 
				 In dao class write method of update data by writing code for that in that method.
				 In controller class write code for edit functionality.

17/03:- Day 9 -> Write if condition for add and edit url in the form.jsp page. Getting all the data enter by user in the
				 page using jstl. In controller get the id through url and send to the dao class for required 
				 modification.  

18/03:- Day 10 -> First see the overview of project once and then start writing code in dao class. Write Query for 
				  update customer and declared one method to do this task named as updateCustomer.
				  After that write code in controller. One case label in switch case and one method named as 
				  updateCustomer to update the customer data, first catching the data and after that pass to dao method 
				  to perform update operation. At Last redirect user to list jsp page.
				  After that bdebug our program and check line by line.
				  Write code in dao class for delete opration so write a query and a method to perform that operation 
				  named as deleteCustomer. After that write code in servlet and in switch write one new case label 
				  as delete and a method as deleteCustomer and in that call dao method and at last redirect user to 
				  home page.
				  At last write code in list.jsp for delete link with href "delete" and run the project.
				  Add the href for customer hyperlink to redirect user to home page.
				  
23/03:- Day 11 -> Previous day sir tell to implement the login functionality for admin in project.
				  Create table in workbench for admin login page.
				  Create one model class named as Admin and create required private variables. Generate getter and 
				  setters and constructors as per requirement.
				  Create one dao class named as AdminDao for admin login functionality. In that create one method as 
				  validateAdmin and do validation steps coding.
				  Create one jsp page named as admin-login and with the help of bootstrap create login page interface.
				  In controller writing the one more case label as list and create one method and implement required 
				  functionality.
				  For list page create one case label and paste the code of redirection in one method and use that 
				  method in other 
				  methods where is needed.
				  All done just change the href link of customer hyperlink. Do other changes  whatever developer need.				  